# Linux
A multi-functional AI chat software under Linux based on the TCP protocol 

This chat system mainly consists of two parts: the Client and the Server.

### Server
In this course project, we designate the server as the identity of a system administrator. Therefore, it can not only establish TCP connections with clients to enable message transmission and the viewing of online members. Meanwhile, we have equipped it with a series of group chat management tools. For example, the administrator can precisely mute a user by entering the username, and also unmute the user. In addition, we have provided an operation manual for the server, which helps the system administrator quickly get started with using and managing the group chat.

Moreover, we have carefully added a solution for users who forget their passwords. Just like when we forget the password of an account at school and usually need to contact the instructor who will then reach out to the administrator for password modification. Thus, in this course project, we have specifically added a query function for the administrator. When a user forgets the password, they can turn to the administrator. The administrator can use the query function to look up the user's phone number, password, and other information, making the entire system more operational.

### Client
(1) On the login page of the client, users can first perform basic registration and login operations, and there is also an operation manual similar to that of the server. We have also added a "Forgot Password" function. Users can set a new password by using their username and phone number. At the same time, to make the page smoother and more visually appealing, we have added a background image and made more detailed layout adjustments.
(2) The basic function of the client is to enable the chat function. After a user enters text in the chat box and clicks the "Send" button on the right, the entered text will be sent out. Users can choose between private chat and group chat. If they click "【Broadcast】" in the user list, the message will be sent to all online users in a group - chat manner. If they click on a specific user, the message will be sent to that user in a private - chat way. The client will display messages sent by other users in real - time and keep updating. Messages sent from the local machine will also be shown in the chat interface, facilitating users to view the chat history.
(3) The client will display a list of all currently online users. Users can click the "User List" button to hide or show this list. When the server sends updated information about the currently online users, the client system will process and update the display of online users.
(4) In terms of the chat function, there are rich and diverse interaction methods. When users click the "Emoji" button, 20 preset emoji images will pop up. Clicking on them can send the emojis, adding fun to the chat. Clicking the "File" button allows users to select files of any type from different folders for sending, and the files will be automatically saved to the recipient's user folder. In addition, clicking the "Selfie" button can open the camera. Pressing the "Q" key can capture the screen and save the image as "test.png" in the current folder for sending. Clicking the "Play Music" button enables users to select and play music in the local wav format, adding fun to the chat room.
(5) The extended functions are also abundant. Clicking the "Extensions" button will pop up game options. Users can play a Tic - Tac - Toe game against the computer based on the Alpha - Beta pruning algorithm, and the computer has a relatively high playing strength. There will also be a full - screen screenshot option, and the screenshot will be saved to the desktop. Clicking the "AI Chat" button or pressing a certain key after entering a message allows users to chat with an AI large - scale model. The user's messages are displayed in black, and the AI's replies are displayed in green. Clicking the "AI Outline" button invokes the large - scale model to generate a conversation outline based on the chat history and presents it to the user in the form of a message box. 

